[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>And they secretly
made plans to begin
to try to control the
Earth, the beginning
of the secret government, going
all the way back to Atlantis.
And they immediately
began to create
the pyramids and the
functional buildings
that they had done on
Cydonia on Atlantis
to recreate the external
Merkaba to gain control of space
and time and thereby to be able
to control the planet Earth.
And this time they
were very serious.
They were not going to be
swayed by someone telling them
they should not do that.
And the only thing is that
it had been a long time
since they had done this.
And so when they set
up the whole experiment
and did the whole thing,
unlike the precision
that they had done
on Mars, they lost
control of this huge,
counter-rotating field
of energy and was not able to--
and I mean really lost control
and I'm sure scared the
pants off even those guys.
And it began to rip open
the dimensional levels
around Earth, primarily the
lower dimensional levels.
In fact, I think it was totally
a lower dimensional levels.
It could have equally been
the higher dimensional levels,
but that isn't what happened.
And it would have been
better if it had been.
It would have been a much
easier situation to heal.
But that isn't what happened.
And this was a situation,
kind of like in terms
of the human body,
the dimensions are
like different
parts of the body.
It's like you have organs.
You've got a heart doing
one thing and a liver
doing another thing.
And you got the stomach
And you don't want to
break the membranes
and go between all these things.
And the membranes are like
the dimensional thresholds
that this Merkaba
just ripped apart.
And it was more like
a tear, like a rip.
And so it would be just like
taking your stomach lining
and just ripping it open.
What happens is
cells, or spirits,
from other dimensional levels on
the other side of the membrane,
or like blood, came
pouring into the stomach.
They're not supposed to do that.
That's against the law.
And so you had billions
of these, and maybe a lot
more than just billions,
of these lower-dimensional,
inner-dimensional
spirits or beings
coming in to this
higher-dimensional world
for them.
And they were scared to death.
They were like little
children scared to death.
This was outside of
their experience,
and they were flowed in here.
It wasn't their
fault, poured in here.
And it was a horrible situation.
The ascended masters of
the Earth-- at that time
there were only
about 1,600 of them--
did everything they could
to heal the situation
and act as rapidly
as they could.
And they did a very good job.
And if it had not been for them,
it would have been all over.
We would have lost this place.
It would have been gone.
We would have lost it.
But they managed to seal
up the dimensional levels,
and they managed to get
most of these spirits back
into the place where
they're supposed to be,
but not all of them.
Many of them came
into the people
that existed in Atlantis
at that time and even
into people all
around the world,
but mostly in the Atlanteans in
the area where this took place.
And they just went into people.
And so the people were no
longer alone in their bodies.
They had anywhere
from one to hundreds
of other people in their bodies
with him at the same time.
And it was horrible.
And there was like an internal
war going on and struggle.
And everything began
to degenerate horribly.
All the systems broke down, all
the emotional bodies and all
your kinds of systems
of all kinds of levels
that we call culture, all
broke down to nothing.
And total chaos ensued.
Disease became rampant.
And in the last 40,000 years of
Atlantis, it was a living hell.
It was much worse than anything
you can conceive of on Earth.
It was absolutely
terrible everywhere.
And it was looking like if it
continued the way it was going,
Earth would just die.
And I mean a real,
permanent kind
of death, not this environmental
stuff where the Earth could
restore itself, but a real,
permanent death, where it would
just not be able to be used
for its real purpose, which
is a star seed, to seed
cultures and races to go out.
And so what did they do next?
[LAUGHTER]
I'm getting a little
tired of this so.
This is hard to-- it's
not impossible for me,
but it's a little hard.
Do while I'm doing
all this talking,
I'm also working with
you guys psychically
to try to balance
things and stuff.
And there a lot of people here.
[LAUGHTER]
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>--win-win situation.
[INAUDIBLE] stop and do some
balancing [INAUDIBLE].
>>Well, right, OK.
I'm very glad some of you guys
have seen the videos there.
[LAUGHTER]
They didn't know what to do,
and so they called in-- belief
in different
consciousness levels
from all over, from
galactic levels
to all kinds of
places and things.
And I don't know if
Galactic command was called
in on that kind of
level, but there
were a lot of levels of life
that were asked for help.
And nobody really knew
exactly what to do.
There had been
kind of a plan that
had been taken place before.
And so that was looked
at, and after a while,
it was finally decided that
that's what they ought to do.
And again, what
they were looking
for was a situation where
both sides would win,
both the Martians
would come out of it
and Lemurians would come
out of it in such a way
that they could become
friends again and keep growing
through this whole situation.
It's kind of like looking for
a situation with the Israelis
and the Arabs can both live
together and be happy--
not easy when you got
hate going back and forth
and all kinds of weird stuff
and everything's in chaos.
It's really hard.
On the other hand, you
can't just go down there
and just shoot all the Martians
or shoot all the Americans
or whatever.
Because the higher
consciousness knows
that there is no such
thing as death-- there's
only transformation--
and that they're
tied to the
evolutionary patterns,
so it's just all going
to recycle back again.
The problem would just be
delayed for a short time.
It wouldn't solve anything.
So they were looking
for a real solution.
Meanwhile, it's getting
worse and worse and worse.
They finally decided
that they were
going to wait till this
particular moment over here.
Because that's the
moment of transformation.
They know that you can make
certain kinds of consciousness
changes and transformation at
that time that would be easier
then than at any other time.
It's the proper moment
for that kind of thing.
So they had to wait
for 4,000 years,
or whatever that
number difference is
there, 3,500 years or so
till they got over to there.
And then about 200
years before this
is when it really began, right
in this little-- just a couple
hundred years before that
time, right in there.
What it was decided is that
they would synthetically
put the planet-- they knew
that we'd already dropped down
through the levels, down,
down, down, down, because
of this experiment.
Experiment was still
going on and was still
out of control, though they
had managed to confine it
to kind of an oscillating
pattern, which we'll talk about
a little while later,
which what that pattern is
is what many people call
the Bermuda Triangle.
The star tetrahedronal
field that's
still sitting down
here on the ocean floor
is primarily submerged, and
it's a counter-rotating field.
Part of it-- when the
mathematical differences
between the one that's rotating
counterclockwise and one that's
rotating clockwise
means that there
is a greater differences going
clockwise, and the whole thing
is moving this way.
Then everything is normal.
But when it reaches its
peak and the other side
starts rotating
back the other way,
then it ends up being abnormal.
And you have this triangular
shape sticking out
of the ocean, the apex
of this thing, which is
the locked aspect of the field.
And when anything that's inside
of this sphere of energy,
and especially the
tetrahedronal aspect of it,
when that thing starts
going clockwise,
you have spacetime distortion.
And all you got
to do is just look
back through all of the various
things and the airplane pilots
and the boats and all the
other stuff that we're seeing,
all the crazy things
that are going on.
And you can go right in here in
one hour and have no problem.
Because as long as it's going
that way, there's no problem.
As soon as it goes back
the other way, bingo.
You can have all
this stuff going
on that is weird because
of the very nature of what
a Merkaba is.
So anyway, they
decided to create
a-- they knew that we
were going to fall,
and they knew we were
going to fall heavy,
and they were hoping we wouldn't
fall any lower than where
we are now.
And they knew that
once we got down here,
if all things would go well,
that they could get us back
once we got over to this
other point over here, which
is where we are now, if
it was carefully planned.
And what they had
to do, then, was
to reconstruct, which in effect
would be to synthetically
create a Christ consciousness
grid that was destroyed when we
fell, a new Christ
consciousness grid
for us, which is
actually something
that wouldn't normally happen.
If we'd have fallen, and
they just didn't do anything,
we would stay where
we are for a long time
before we would come
around the place
where we'd never make it back up
to Christ consciousness again.
So they decided that,
in order to save us,
they would synthetically,
or alchemically,
however we want to look at it,
step in and create the Christ
consciousness grid
around the Earth,
long before it would
normally take place.
And they began 200 years before
the fall actually took place.
They did that by going
out into the desert, which
wasn't a desert then.
It was a beautiful
rainforest, actually,
in an area that we now
call Egypt and Giza, which
is now a desert.
And they went out to a
very specific spot there,
because in the Halls
of Amenti where
the little flame
of consciousness
that the Annunaki
and the Assyrians
created from us a
long time ago, there
are these poles
that come out, these
axis things of all the various
levels of consciousness
that we will someday arrive at.
And one of those is the
Christ consciousness one.
And the pole actually
comes right out
of the Earth at a
very specific spot,
and I mean really specific,
like about the size of an atom,
out in the middle
of the desert there,
which wasn't a desert then.
And it's a vortex.
It's a rotating
field coming out.
And there's one at
the bottom, which
is on a little island
called Moorea out
in the Pacific
Ocean, where the two
poles emanate from each other.
And one is female,
and one is male.
And so they went to
this spot, and it
was Ra and Aragot and Thoth
who went to this spot.
These were three men that were
from the Naacal mystery school.
And then they went
there, and they
made a hole in the ground, which
was to serve-- nothing there.
They just made this
little hole in the ground.
Only the hole was about--
oh, I don't know-- six,
eight feet around.
And it was round.
It was lined with bricks.
And it went for one mile into
the Earth, approximately,
a deep, absolute straight line.
These were
six-dimensional beings.
Whatever they thought
happened, I mean instantaneous.
There was hardly any time
in between it at all.
These are very
high-level people.
And they didn't have
to dig this hole.
Believe me, all they did is
they just thought it in place,
and it was there, lined with
the bricks and the whole thing.
You'll understand
here in a little while
why they did this out of stone.
They didn't use sophisticated
metals or things
like this, which would
be more high-tech looking
and more sophisticated
in some levels.
There was a very
definite reason why they
chose to use natural materials.
And coming out of there
was a-- this would
be an aerial view from above.
There was this vortex coming
out like this into space.
This would be like the shadow
on the surface of the Earth
with that vortex from above.
And there was
really more than one
of these coming out of there.
I think there's four.
But they chose one, and I
don't know why they chose
this particular one they did.
And then on a
fourth-dimensional level,
they made three pyramids
that were lined up
so the apexes were lined up
precisely on this spiral.
And then he created
this one, which is now
called the Great Pyramid.
They created it from the
top down with thought.
And our science
has verified that.
And it doesn't know
what to think about it,
so it shoved it under the rug,
along with everything else.
When they carbon dated these
stones, which is really
the mortar and
everything between there,
they found that the oldest
stones were on the top.
[LAUGHING] The youngest
ones were on the bottom.
And they don't know what
to think about that.
So they just take
it under the rug.
It doesn't fit in our mind.
These two were
created much later,
but they were
fourth-dimensionally created
there in the first place.
And then there's actually
six more little pyramids
that were made there.
They were timing devices.
And then over in
this spot over here,
they built a building,
which the Egyptians did not
find until about eight
or nine years ago, maybe.
Well, I was there in '85,
so it's been-- a lot of time
goes by, doesn't it?
It's been almost 15
years now, I guess,
when they first discovered that.
There's a building there,
and if you go there,
you'll see that there's
only about that much
of a building left,
the foundation.
It's a golden rectangle
building, I think.
It looks like it.
And they have taken
aerial surveys of this
and found that the center
of the hole, the south face
of the building,
and the north face
of the Great Pyramid, which I
don't have this lined up right.
It would be over here.
These Things are all in
a perfect, flawless line.
They can't see it at all.
And there's like about over
a mile between these things.
And it's so perfect
that they just
can't conceive of how the
Egyptians could possibly have
done that from so far away.
But there it sits.
And this line between
this whole thing
marks the center of this hole.
And then later,
they have discovered
that there is another one
out here about a block away
and another spiral coming
around through this whole thing.
This one they have discovered
is a Fibonacci spiral.
And this one is a
golden mean spiral,
which we'll get in this later,
showing that they actually
know the difference
between these whole things.
They were perfectly lined up.
But a little later, we'll
talk about all this.
Because this is
really important.
Because from an
Egyptian point of view,
you could not
resurrect if you didn't
know the difference
between a Fibonacci spiral
and a logarithmic spiral.
It was essential for their
particular resurrection
philosophy.
And they marked that.
And from the aerial view
of the Great Pyramids,
it was really important to them.
But I'll show you
this clearer later on.
But anyway, this hole
and this marking here
was the key to the beginning
of a worldwide grid,
what we call sacred
spots, or power places,
or whatever you
want to call them.
There are over,
or approximately,
83,000 of these
all over the world.
And they are geomancy
places in the ley lines
and the grids of the Earth that
affect an electromagnetic field
that shapes around the Earth.
By the very sticking
of rods in the earth
and building the
pyramids and putting
crystals in certain places and
these sort of elusive things,
you can affect and shape a
geometrical electromagnetic
field that can be detected
electromagnetically,
though it's very
weak, around the Earth
and shape it so that
shape is geometrically
perfect from that.
The entire 83,000
sacred sites were
created through these three men
on a fourth-dimensional level
first.
Then, over 13,000 years,
people all over the world
were just drawn to these
places like Machu Picchu
and Sacsayhuaman and Palenque
and Uxmal, all these places
all over the world, and
built these structures
on these very particular places.
They had inner direction,
and they built them
according to their
inner direction, which
was following this higher
will to create this pattern.
And so it took 13,000 years
to create the grid up here.
It wasn't finished until 1989.
It was just finished.
But this was the first place.
Every-- and I'll say this,
though the proof has not come
out, but eventually it will.
Because Thoth said one.
Not only is this laid out
in a logarithmic spiral,
a golden spiral, but all the
sacred sites on the planet
are laid out on either goal
mean or logarithmic spirals.
And they are all
mathematically delineated back
to this single point here.
Or actually, probably the
one set is delineated here,
and the other set
is delineated here.
But that's the origin
of all of them,
all the temples that
go down the Nile,
all laid out on these
logarithmic spirals
or Fibonacci spirals.
But everything over
the whole planet is.
And I don't think there's
any exceptions to this,
though there might.
There's exceptions to
just about everything.
But there's not going
to be much of there is.
And what many people
are discovering now
is that the whole
system is holographic,
that once you know one
building, you can determine what
the next one is going to be.
And you can keep doing
this all the way through,
that there's an
interrelationship between all
these various times
and cultures that
are all over the world,
that there was a greater
mind working
through all of this,
that the Peruvians were
not working on their own,
that the Mexicans
were not working
on their own, the Tibetans
the American Indians, all
these various people, that
there was a greater mind doing
all of this.
And the evidence keeps
pouring in daily on that.
This is true.
So anyway, they began
the process there.
They built this one
pyramid right here.
They then built a huge
city, a city of temples,
really, underneath
the Great Pyramid,
which they have located
some of the rooms of this,
though they do
not understand it.
Because they're in the Nile.
They've found them.
They're inside the Nile with
water flowing around them.
But there's no
water in the rooms.
But they go way
deep into the Earth.
The Great Pyramid sits on a
huge mountain of solid rock.
And underneath that in the
apex of that rock structure
that's underneath there
is a complex designed
to hold about 10,000 people.
And it never quite
needed that many,
but they made it a little
bit bigger than they needed.
Eventually, it held about 8,000
people at its maximum point,
because that was how many
people that reached immortality
on the Earth toward the
very end of all of this.
So they built all of this stuff,
laid out the whole things,
laid out the whole
patterns, and then went back
and sat on Atlantis
for 200 years
and watched everything
degenerate even further.
And then finally, no more than
hours before Atlantis sank,
they went back to this
little place, which
is called the Land of Khem.
They went to a
place that we call,
which is right near there,
which is called the Sphinx.
Now, in the Emerald
Tablets, by the way,
it says that Thoth
created the Sphinx.
But according to
Thoth himself, he
said that was a
mistake by Doreal.
And he also said, by the
way, for some people here,
that Doreal made many
mistakes in the interpretation
of the Emerald Tablets, that
there were many-- for example,
in Doreal's interpretation,
when he talks about this ship
that I'm about to talk about, he
says that it had atomic motors.
This was interpreted
in 1925 or '27-- 1925.
And that was the
most far-out thing
that Doreal could think of.
But actually, there's no
motors in there at all.
You don't need anything
because it's a Merkaba.
It's a Merkaba resonance field.
So it locks on with
a living Merkaba
field when it's activated.
It runs on thought and emotion.
It doesn't require
motors like we know.
But anyway, so they
waited for 200 years,
and then they went back to
the Sphinx, which is a marker.
And that Sphinx is ancient.
Even Thoth doesn't
know who did it,
because he says it was created
before the 5 1/2 million year
period.
That puts it a little bit
older than the 10,000 years
that they're worried
about in that whole thing.
He says it's really old.
You might wonder,
well, how can that be?
It could have been underground.
Even when Napoleon
found the Sphinx,
all that was sitting on
the Earth was the head.
He didn't even know there
was a body attached to it.
And so it was hard to say
how old that thing is.
All you can do is judge
it-- age the rock.
That's about it.
And see how old that stuff is.
He says it's really, really old.
He doesn't know how old it is.
And he doesn't even
know who did it.
But he says that underneath
there is the oldest-- well,
he says is the oldest synthetic
object in the world, which
is a vehicle.
It sits approximately a mile
down underneath there also
in a round, circular room.
And from the top, it's a ship
that looks like that, just
a round circle.
And from inside,
it looks like that.
It's like a disk,
just like a big,
flat disk with
approximately about 20-,
22-foot space between
the top and the bottom,
something roughly
about that big,
and about two city
blocks across.
Something around
about that area.
I'm not sure.
It's based on the proportions
of the Great Pyramid.
Or the other way
around-- the pyramid
was based on these proportions.
When the pyramid was
created, it looked like this.
This is the wrong angle
here, but it's all right.
The Great Pyramid has
a missing capstone.
It has a big piece off the top.
There's all kinds of ideas about
where that missing capstone is
and everything.
According to Thoth, it's
in the Halls of Records.
It's 5 1/2 inches
high of solid gold,
and it's a holographic image
of the whole thing with all
the little rooms in
it and everything.
And it is a miniature
of the Great Pyramid.
And it was not
really a capstone.
That's a big piece
that's missing off there.
I think it's 24-feet square.
It's not just a few
blocks that are missing.
You get up there and
it's like a room.
It's a big, flat, huge place.
And what it is is
a landing platform.
This is according
to Thoth's teaching.
And the ship was flown
back to-- they got into it.
Thoth was the one that
flew it the last time.
Ra and Aragot also got into it.
It used Thoth's spine,
though, to activate it.
And then they raised it
to one overtone higher
than the Earth sits
on, allowing it
to pass right through the
Earth up into the atmosphere.
And they flew it to Atlantis.
They picked up the rest
of the immortal beings
that were there.
By this time, there were
about 1,600 of them.
And-- is that right?
Yeah, about 1,600.
And then he said that they got
no more than about 1/4 mile
up away from the
surface when all of it,
the last bit of Atlantis,
went in the water.
And they all sat
there and watched
this thing go in the water.
And then they flew
from there to Egypt
and landed on top of this thing.
So that must have
been quite a sight,
considering that this was
perfectly smooth with stones
that are fitted so close
together that you couldn't even
hardly see the
seams, couldn't even
get a piece of paper in the
middle, and perfectly smooth,
gleaming light, and this
transparent, flat disk sitting
on top.
If you'd have brought the
pyramid up to its apex
at the top, it would exactly hit
where the top surface of this
was.
And if you were to look
at this from above,
this is what you would see.
Let's do it in the
proper colors, I guess.
You would see-- I'm going
to make this smaller.
You'd see the pyramid like this.
And you would see this thing
is sitting on top of it,
approximately like that.
The circumference
of this ship was
equal to the perimeter
of the Great Pyramid.
For those of you who
know sacred geometry,
that's the dimensions
of life itself,
which we'll talk about when we
get into the sacred geometry
and all this other stuff.
And he said they
no sooner landed on
there, locked in their
fields and everything-- now,
remember this is an entire
group of 1,600 people creating
a group Merkaba that is a
rotating field where there's
a star tetrahedral
pattern moving in here
and a bunch of other ones,
which I'm not going to get into.
And then there's a
spherical pattern in that
and then a huge Merkaba
field around that.
And they locked
that in, creating
their own electromagnetic
and magnetic fields.
Very, very important in a
pole shift, because when
the pole shifts, what happens
is for hundreds of years
prior to the poles shifting,
the magnetic field begins
to decrease, going down
and down and down and down,
which our science will
tell you has been going
on for 500 years on Earth.
It's been getting weaker and
weaker and weaker and weaker
for 500 years and now
beginning to migrate and move.
This is the reason the whales
come in, land into the beaches
and things, because
they're following
these ancient
electromagnetic lines, which
have been a certain way for
a long time, which are now
distorting.
They're moving into land masses.
And they're just following
these things right
into there, which are
not supposed to be there.
It's all getting distorted and
changed and getting weaker.
We will come up to a
place prior to the poles
shifting when the magnetic
field of the Earth
will just collapse in.
It will go away.
There won't be any.
A little later, I'll
show you an article here
that they just
discovered something
brand new in the human brain.
They haven't
discovered anything new
in the human body in 300 years.
And they just
discovered something,
and that is that the
cells of the human brain
have magnets in them.
And there's a magnetic
sheath that moves
around the entire brain, which
they never knew was there.
And what they will
eventually discover
is that memory is a function
of a magnetic field, which
has a very specific geometrical
pattern, which I'll show you
a little later, and
that it requires
a low-level, external magnetic
field to keep it intact.
And not just any kind of
field-- it needs the Earth.
Or it needs a pattern
that can be regenerated
very much like the Earth.
And when that pattern
totally goes away,
something else also goes away.
It's called memory.
It's like pulling the
plug on a computer.
We know nothing.
Everything we've stored is gone.
And this is what
happened on Atlantis.
Here's all these people,
very, very sophisticated.
You would really be amazed at
how sophisticated they were
and where they were at and
what the levels of awareness
they were at.
And all of a sudden in a 20-hour
period, gone-- no awareness,
nothing.
I mean, just imagine what
would happen right now if you
suddenly had your mind erased.
You wouldn't know how to
get out of this building.
You wouldn't know
what anything was for.
It would just be like-- it
would just be pure survival.
You would still be alive.
You'd be conscious.
You'd be aware.
But you wouldn't know
what anything was.
You wouldn't know
how to open a door.
You wouldn't know anything.
And these people were
right back to figuring out
how to make fires and keep alive
and stay warm and right back
down to the basics again.
But not these guys, because they
had created their own Merkaba
field, which keeps
their memory intact.
And again, the definition
that I'm defining immortality
is the memory that stays intact.
And so once you get your
Merkaba, the living field
Merkaba in place, you
can keep your memory
intact under any
conditions whatsoever,
even under conditions
that you would not
imagine that this kind of field
could possibly protect you
under, like an atomic
bomb blowing up
or something like this.
Wouldn't affect it.
You could be right
in the midst of it,
and it wouldn't even affect it.
You could walk away from
it, would not affect it.
Nothing can affect it.
Not even the middle of
a sun can affect it.
Because it's the basic
creation pattern and what
created all this stuff.
It's what we created
the whole thing with.
It's what we stepped in with,
and it's the doorway out.
No one's going to
create an experiment
and get into it if there
isn't some way out.
And that's the way out.
And so this magnetic field
kept their memories intact
while everybody
else's was erased,
except for one group of
people, which I still do not
understand how they did it.
They had to have some of the
ancient memory of the Merkaba.
And that's the Mayans.
The Mayans came from Atlantis.
There's a document called
the Troano Document.
Let me see if I've
still got that.
No, I didn't bring
it with me this time.
There's the Troano
Document, which
was translated by le Plongeon,
which is sitting in the British
Museum right now.
It's Troano, T-R-O-A-N-O.
And it is a series of stones
on this wall describing
the sinking of Atlantis.
And it describes how Atlantis
upheaveled, went up and down,
and all these things
took place and how
there were 10 countries
in Atlantis corresponding
to the 10 points and that
64 million people were
killed in one night.
And it shows on there the
Mayans escaping in these boats
while there's modern-looking
cities with pyramids
and volcanoes going
off everywhere.
And then there was
three and a half stones
that were painted
black, which are
the three and a half
days that happens
when the field collapses.
And the pole shift
is 20 hours, OK?
But the field is gone for about
anywhere from two and a half
to about four and a quarter.
And it usually is three to
three and a half days long.
Those are the minimum
and maximum amounts
that anybody's ever seen it.
But it's usually about three
or three and a half days long.
And the last time was probably
three and a half days long.
Because each one
of these was a day.
And they just painted them
black, and then the third one
they painted half black,
and they came back again.
And so this description
was very pretty good.
Somehow, and they did
that 3,500 years ago.
They wrote that.
So somehow, they
were able to keep
their memory of all of this.
And I don't know how they did it
unless there was somebody there
that had this awareness.
Anyway, so what happened
was a lot of these people
went all over what's now
Europe, the survivors
of this everywhere else,
and basically started over.
There's very little
left from that.
Now, this was the
time that the Bible
refers to as Noah's Ark
and the Great Flood.
Whether or not it's
true that there was only
Noah and no one else
survived out of this,
I don't know how that's really
possible, because there's
over 118 stories around
the world of the deluge
from around the entire globe.
Who were there writing
these 118 stories?
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know if
it's really true.
I can't say that
for sure or not.
Somebody had to
write those stories.
And if it was
somebody afterwards,
they couldn't be talking about
what happened, because they
wouldn't have been there.
And if it all started
out with just six people
or whatever it was, it
would have taken a long time
to repopulate the Earth.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>This is true.
Also, well, that's
another story, though,
how he handed that to--
that's the Peruvian story
of after the deluge.
According to the
Peruvian story, Thoth
came down and gave
the golden rod
to Manco, who became the
first king of the Inca Empire.
He was defined the
lost city of Cusco.
And began the empire.
And that happened right after
the first stone emerged out
of the Great Flood.
And I don't know, but
according to Thoth,
that's not exactly
accurate, that there
were survivors around the
world, and quite a few of them.
But they had not much
going on up there.
[LAUGHTER]
Though they had a
real high-tech body.
[LAUGHTER]
They had all the equipment.
They just didn't
have the software.
[LAUGHTER]
They had the good
computer, though.
And so-- let's see.
Where were we on this?
I'm going to have to end this.
We are really behind.
You guys haven't asked
any questions at all,
and we're still behind.
I don't understand
how this works.
So anyway, after this all
happened-- the deluge,
by the way, was the poles that
where Hawaii, et cetera were.
They melted completely.
That was part of
what was going on.
But evidently, there was
another thing going on also,
which science is
now coming up with.
In the Bible, it talks
about the springs
that began to come
forth and all of this.
Now, has anybody
seen the evidence now
that they're bringing
forth, what science is--?
They think that there was a huge
amount of water in the Earth,
like a ring around there, and
that it began to come forth,
just like huge amounts.
There's a lot of physical
evidence of this,
that the Earth was
literally just deluged.
On top of this, not
only did the poles melt,
which would have risen
them 200 or 300 feet,
but there was much
more water coming out
of the center of the
Earth in all of this.
Anyway, the Great
Pyramids, by the way,
were covered with water
for a long period of time
to about the 2/3 level.
This is one of the proofs
that the Great Pyramid was not
created in the Fourth
Dynasty, as they say.
They don't want to
hear this, though.
But the evidence is there.
Because even though
the stones were
moved by the Muslims a
few hundred years ago,
the impact of this
thing sitting in water
so long ripped all the way
through, and the water mark
is still there at the 2/3 level.
And when they entered
into the Great Pyramid--
this was Al-- what's his name?
He was Muslim.
I can't remember.
When they broke into it,
they basically broke in.
There was a door there.
They could have just
pushed a button,
and it would have opened up.
But they dug their way in and
came back out and then found
the door.
And you don't push a button.
You just touch it just
right and the whole door
would swivel back.
And when they entered
into the Great Pyramid,
the entire pyramid,
all the King's
Chamber, the Great Hallway,
all the rooms all the way down,
everything was covered with
about 1/2 inch of sea salt.
And with that and
the water marks
meant that this was built
before the Great Deluge.
Because there's never
been any time that we
know of in the last 4,000 years
when the Earth has been covered
with water, especially
that area, which
is the center of the
planet, the center of all
land mass right in
there where that sits.
That's the exact
center, by the way.
I don't know if you know that.
It's the precise center of all
the land masses of the Earth,
is where the Great Pyramid sits.
The ship was then flown
to the Island of the Sun,
where-- well, first of all,
Ra got out here by an opening
through the top into a room
that sat at that exact level
where the water level was at the
2/3 level, which that room has
not been found yet.
But Thoth says it will be.
And when they do, they will
find that it's made out
of red, black, and
white stones and that it
was where the ceremony that--
Ra came out of there with about
1/3 of the people,
held a ceremony,
and left from there to
the underground city.
And it was Ra and
approximately 1/3
of the ascended masters
of the Naacal mystery
school that began Egypt.
The ship was then flown
to Peru, specifically
to the Island of the Sun on
Lake Titicaca in Bolivia.
And Thoth got out
there, and that's
where he handed
the rod to Manco,
who became the first
king of the Inca Empire.
And Thoth stayed there in Peru.
It became the love.
He loved it there.
When I went to Peru, you
could tell by the way
he was, oh, and over here.
He was telling me
all these places.
In Egypt, he wouldn't
talk much at all.
He doesn't like Egypt.
But he liked Peru at lot.
He had a baby in Peru.
I think what's what did it.
[LAUGHTER]
It softens you up.
And anyway, and then the ship
was flown to the Himalaya
Mountains, where Aragot got off,
along with about another 1/3
of the people.
And seven of them flew the
ship back to the Sphinx,
lowered it down in that
room, where it remained there
until just a couple years
ago or a few years ago,
where it was brought
back up into the air
by a 23-year-old Peruvian
woman, who is now controlling
the airways. [LAUGHING] Right
now it's really up to her
what happens on a lot
of levels of life.
And I'm going to leave all
of this, concepts of things,
and we're going to
head into Egypt.
Though, however,
before we do, I'm
going to allow questions
to be asked here.
Because we've gone a
long time without any.
And we've only got
about 20 more minutes,
and it's 9 o'clock already.
[LAUGHING] We're going to have
to work real hard tomorrow.
Egypt is the area that
we're going to focus on.
Those three areas,
Egypt and Peru,
which includes the Yucatan all
the way down to Peru, and Tibet
and that area up in
there, those were
chosen because of the
nature of the Earth's
geometrical and geomancy fields.
Egypt became the male aspect of
the Christ consciousness grid.
The Yucatan/Peru became the
female aspect of the grid.
And the Tibet became the
child, or the neutral energy,
of the grid.
And there are pyramids in
all three of those areas.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Huh?
>>That last sentence,
please repeat it.
>>Tibet became the
neutral, or child, energy.
There's the mommy, daddy,
and baby energy of the field.
Everything is mommy, daddy,
and baby in one way or another.
And--
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Hm?
>>The female is who?
>>The female is
the Mayan/Peruvian.
>>I'm not going to talk
about those other two places
very much.
My experiences
there and everything
were really powerful for me.
And I learned a lot being
in some of those places.
But I'm going to
focus mostly on Egypt,
mostly because the
vast majority of people
that come to this workshop have
Egyptian-based backgrounds,
though not always.
It depends.
Sometimes I don't, but I
think this one is for sure.
And we're going to go to Egypt
also because that happened
to be the only place or area
where survivors from Atlantis
and the Naacal mystery
school were co-located
at the same place.
Because in the other
ones, they were not
Atlanean people who survived
that, the different races.
It was Incas and other races
besides the Atlanteans.
And we're going to look at the
Sumerian and Egyptian cultures
as they unfolded and what
happened in all of that.
That's what we're going to start
him when we start in tomorrow.
And we don't have too much
more of that to go into.
And we'll eventually focus
in on one very specific area
of Egypt.
If you talk to most Christians
who are Catholic right now,
they will tend to look
at Egypt as being a cult
and not a very healthy place
to get information from.
And I agree with them.
There's only one tiny, little
speck of light that came out
of Egypt, and that
was for 17 1/2 years.
It came out of one
little dynasty.
But it was a real
blast of light.
And we need to look at
what happened there.
That's when they said that
there was only one God.
And what happened in that
school was real important.
In fact, what happened
in that school,
according to Thoth
and his information,
created the Christian religion.
There was that one
particular school
that was the founder
behind all of that.
And the Coptics that came out
of that and the Essenes that
also were affected and came
out of that, all that was all
planned from a long time ago.
But again, if you are Christian,
you can just listen to this,
and you don't have to accept
it if you don't want to.
But this is what
Thoth has told me.
And so this is the area we're
going to head into tomorrow.
We're going to get into what
is called the Egyptian mystery
school of Akhenaten.
We will start in that
pretty early tomorrow.
And that will lead into
the sacred geometry.
And we'll begin to get out
of this kind of talking
about history and going into
very, very specific aspects
of human nature and the mind.
>>I have a hard
time understanding
how these ascended master
beings like Thoth and Ra
and Akhenaten can create
miraculous events on the Earth
like creating the pyramids
and knowing all about how
to put thought in
one area and create
these deep holes in the
ground, and yet they
have to create these
vehicles to travel in.
I'm confused as
to what-- there's
sort of two parts to it.
One is why would they need
the vehicle, is one part.
And the second
part of my question
is, it seems as if this is,
in a sense in a certain way,
interfering with the normal
process of human evolution.
And I'm not quite sure where
this non-interference and help
comes in.
>>OK the interference,
first of all,
was there from the beginning.
It was there from the moment
that the Martians stepped in.
that the Lucifer rebellion
started on.
And there's been so much
interference in this place,
it's just ridiculous
what's going on.
And the only reason--
this interference here
was ordained from higher levels.
Permission was granted
to do what was done here.
They did not do this
just on their own.
They asked permission
and said, what do we do?
And they said,
here's what you do.
So all of this was
totally ordained
from the highest levels of
consciousness in this galaxy.
And in terms of
using the vehicle,
the vehicle that was
chosen, this particular one,
they did not need vehicles
to personally travel
from one place to another.
That you can read about in
the Emerald Tablets, where
he would go into deep
space purely on his own
without any kind of
vehicle for anything.
But this was a traditional,
you might say, vehicle.
It was considered a war
ship, written as a war ship,
in the Emerald Tablets.
And I remember when I
read that as a war ship,
it repelled me,
because I was thinking
in terms of light and stuff.
And I go, what's
this war ship stuff?
And that was before I found
out about the Greys or any
of that stuff.
But in conjunction of the
Greys and the various races
that are associated with it
are here and all that kinds
of stuff that they're
doing, which happens
to be timed with this very
event that's going on right now,
I can understand why they would
need a war ship to-- it says
right in there that every single
time that we come to these two
apexes on the precession, that
the dark side of our nature,
if you want to see
it as unity, always
tries to take over the Earth.
It has for hundreds
of millions of years,
and it has always failed.
But it always tries.
That's part of its job.
And this ship is
tuned to the Earth.
It's a ship that takes an
absolutely pure person that
has reached a particular
level at least of Christ
consciousness to
operate it, because it's
run on not just
understanding, but it's
run on universal,
unconditional love.
It's love that
operates that ship.
And so what a person can operate
it and move it in the air,
sure, you could sit
there and do that.
But to get the ship out, it's
been going on for so long.
And I don't know why you
have to do that for sure.
I mean I can conceive
of what you're saying,
why they don't have to do that.
But they do.
And even in 1992, we're still
using things, still out there.
This is what's forced all
the Greys to leave from here.
And it's an amplifier.
I mean, it only
requires one person.
And one person can turn
water into wine real easy.
One person can even
move a mountain.
Might be a little
harder for one person
to completely change the
entire nature of a planet,
but with that ship,
one person can
do that, one little female,
little, frail, 23-year-old
woman, was able to do that.
And so maybe at
some point, or maybe
at certain points
in our evolution,
we don't need to use that thing.
But I do understand
what you're saying,
because I went through
the same stuff,
like, what's this all about?
It's so weird.
But I kind of get it now.
It took me a long time.
And I kind of see why it's used.
But Thoth and the ascended
masters do not use spaceships.
This is the only vehicle
that is in their use,
and it is not a normal vehicle.
It has no motors of
any sort whatsoever.
It's simply a shape that is
only three to five atoms thick.
The sides are three atoms
thick, and the top and bottom
are five atoms thick
in places, some places
only three atoms thick.
And it's translucent
and transparent,
and it is designed to
amplify and connect
in with your own Merkaba.
So you have to create a
living Merkaba field even
to get into it and make it work.
A person connected directly
with the Lucifer rebellion
could not run that no
matter what they did,
no matter how much they knew.
They couldn't make
it move or function.
It requires someone
at least on the level
of Christ consciousness to
ever even begin to get this up.
But I still don't-- even I'm
with you at a lot of levels--
I still don't really understand.
From what I now know, it
would only require two people
to come together to
create a living Merkaba
field much stronger than this.
But one person, I don't know if
that's possible without that.
OK, next one.
>>Yeah, if I could back
up just a little bit.
I'm not real clear
about-- you were
talking about how the Christ
consciousness was artificially
started on the planet or
seeded into the planet.
And--
>>How they did that?
>>Yeah, how did they do that?
[INAUDIBLE]
>>They did it first by making
that hole in the ground.
And that hole was tuned
right over the axis
of what would be the Christ
consciousness someday.
And then they connected
energetically to the spiral
by putting the Great
Pyramid right on it.
And then they started
doing geomancy
all over the Earth with
these pyramids and structures
all over the entire planet,
which shapes spacetime
around the Earth
and forms-- they're
aiming for a stellated
dodecahedron around the planet.
And we know this is there now.
Our governments
know this is there.
Our governments knew-- there's
three of these up there
that are human.
Our governments
became aware even
in the late '40s, early
'50s of the first grid that
was up there, which is our
level of consciousness.
And then recently
they've become aware
of the dodecahedronal field.
And that shaping is
something you can sense.
It's a real thing.
But without the
creation of that grid,
without the building
of these pyramids
and all this stuff that's been
going on all over the Earth,
the grid wouldn't happen.
It would only happen
naturally over if you just
let nature take its course
over a long, long time.
But if they did
that, we would never
make it because
of the distortion
that this field had done within
us and all that had happened.
We would have probably
never made it.
So they were trying to
look for a way to heal us
and to put us back to where
we were and get everybody
to be friends again
and to take off again
on the evolutionary pattern.
And it was their belief
that maybe-- they didn't
know if it would work or not.
Maybe it would work if
they could create a grid,
and they can create a
scenario where we all
came back into this grid again.
Then we could get
back into this place
where we were before
all of this took place.
I don't know what
the percentage is.
There are times when
it doesn't work.
It doesn't always work.
And when that happens,
generally, that planet
just dies.
In our case, when it got
right up to the very end,
it looked like it was
not going to work.
And I'll have to tell you
what they then further did,
something further on top
of all of that, which
is what's caused this incredible
thing that's now occurring
on Earth, which is causing
the entire universe to begin
to focus on Earth, which is also
something that's never happened
before.
All life has never were
focused on single point,
but we're creating something
here right now that is
[? attracting ?] [? attention ?]
from every level of existence
there is.
I don't know.
Did I help at all on that?
>>Yeah, it did.
Thanks.
>>OK.
Yeah?
Wait, you've got to have the
little magic stick to talk.
>>I got it.
No, no, no.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OK.
>>I've heard channeled
by the ascended masters
a number of times.
[AUDIO DROPS]
>>You've got to have
that little stick.
>>A couple part question here.
>>She's got the next one after.
>>She does.
>>OK.
>>When Atlantis sank,
did the Hebrews migrate?
That's one part of it.
Were the Martians
gone in Atlantis?
Were they humanoid?
[INAUDIBLE]?
>>The Martians were
extremely humanoid,
only they had a slightly bigger
skull, but very, very humanoid.
The humanoid form is used a
lot throughout time and space.
>>Were they wiped out
in Atlantis when it--?
>>Who?
>>The Martians.
>>No, no way.
They're running the
world right now.
>>That's what I'm wondering.
>>The secret government is
almost totally run by Martians.
>>I was wondering
if they're connected
with the Greys from
that time also.
>>Well, the Martians
are really very ancient,
ancient race, older
than the Greys, really.
In fact, this is the reason--
a lot of people have wondered.
The Greys who have been
here-- for some of you who
don't know who the
Greys are, they're
a race of beings that are
really all over the place.
They've got worlds
all over the place.
One of their primary places
were where most of the Greys
that come here are, are
centered around the little star
the belt of Orion, which
is the Crab Nebula, which
is an exploding nebula.
And the shock waves from
that as they expand out
are wiping out their worlds,
one right after another.
And so they're looking
for new places to be.
However, that's not
their real problem.
They're concerned with
problems much deeper
than just some of their
planets being wiped out, much,
much deeper.
And the Greys are a race
who are little, tiny people
with these big heads and these
huge eyes, little tiny mouth.
And they have kind of grey skin.
That's why they're called Grey.
And they believed in what
Lucifer said a long time ago,
and they followed the
Lucifer rebellion.
And basically, they
severed their connections
from God, the love
connection, which
was necessary, to create
the external Merkaba, which
is the UFO.
And they got in these ships
and began to live separately
from the rest of the universe,
along with lots and lots
and lots and lots and lots
and lots of other races
that did this.
And because their emotional
bond and love was gone,
they slowly quit being
involved with sexual energy
and began to use you might
say test tube babies.
Those got very sophisticated.
And they quit be
eating, drinking mostly
liquids and blood, was
their primary thing.
And they changed-- they ended
up with no emotional body,
no feelings, no compassion,
no nothing, just pure logic
and any of that kind of stuff.
The Martians were really kind of
like their great-grandfathers.
And this is the reason
why when the Greys came
here and immediately
started doing
all the experiments and all of
the interfering that they did,
the direct manipulation,
the reason-- there
are a lot of life
around this planet.
You wouldn't believe.
If you don't know,
you wouldn't believe
how much life is centered
around this planet right now.
When life forms come in, they
come in on one overtone higher,
because that way
we can't see them,
and yet they can monitor us.
And then they're
just one breath away
from being here whenever
they want to be here.
And it's very convenient.
There's are so many
people here right now,
the overtone around
the Earth is filled.
It's like a Rams parking lot.
It's just like solid.
There's no more space left.
And they've gone to
the second overtone.
And the second overtone
is just about filled up.
There's so much life
here, wanting to witness
this unique situation
that's developed.
And so there's so much life
here focused on here-- I mean,
you've got the whole universe
focused on this place--
that they can stop
the Greys like that.
Why not?
Why don't they?
Why can the Greys
just go in here
and take hundreds of
thousands of people
and manipulate them and do
all these things like this?
Because we have Grey blood
in us through the Martians.
The Martians and the Greys
are our brother and sister
interlinked.
And we have that blood in us.
And so they have a
lineage link to us.
And because of that,
they have this law
they have the right
to be able to do this.
No one else can
get away with it.
If anyone else
tried to do it, they
would just stop them flat out.
But the Greys do this.
And they knew they
could get away with it.
And they chose us because we
still have an emotional body.
And they have now learned
that the only way that they
can get through
the great wall is
by-- they can't take
their spaceships
through the great wall.
They have to learn how to
create a living Merkaba, which
requires understanding of
the laws and your connection
to God, the emotional
body, specifically
unconditional love
for all of life.
These things must be
whirling around you
in counter-rotating
motions, which
creates the living
Merkaba field, which
is the only vehicle that's
ever been able to get
through the great wall.
And they don't know how
to create one of these,
because they've got a missing
component, no emotional body.
And so they have a real--
this is what I mean.
They've got a real problem.
Because this dimensional
level appears
to be about ready to be
nonfunctional for a while.
And so their great problem is
they've got to get out of here,
and they can't.
They're trapped in something
that is going to recycle them,
you might say.
Their form is going
to be destroyed,
and their spirit is
going to be forced
to-- I don't know
exactly what happens
under those circumstances.
I don't know how.
Their spirit cannot be killed.
I mean, it can't be destroyed.
So I don't know how,
if it starts over,
I don't know what
the procedure is.
I'm not sure.
But they've got a real problem.
They chose us, because we
have our emotional body.
They have this
connection with us,
allowing them to do
these kind of things.
And so what their decision was,
from purely logical mind was,
well, we can't make
it through, so we
will make a sub-race
with our genes in it that
maybe can make it through.
So they took human
beings, and lots of them,
and experimented with them.
They first started experimenting
with cows and horses
and a few other animals,
very specific animals.
Animals, you see-- when we
started breathing in this way,
taking the air in and out
through our mouth and our nose
and not through the top channels
up through like this here, that
was the direct
result of that, was
good and evil consciousness.
And when we started bringing
animals into us closely,
those animals by resonance
began to breathe the way we did.
And so the cows and
the horses and the dogs
and the cats and
all these things
are doing exactly the
kinds of breathing patterns
that we have.
And so the initial steps
were to do an experimentation
with the animals
that were associated
with us, and primarily cows.
And there sort of was
cattle mutilation.
If you look at Linda Howe's work
that she did through ABC called
"The Strange Harvest" that
was set up around there,
and you look at that carefully,
and if you talk to her now,
and the evidence
she has out now,
she can prove to you
that nobody on Earth
can possibly do the
cattle mutilation.
There is no technology
known on Earth
that can even come
close to do this.
They've found cows,
for example-- not only
is all the surgery,
high-tech laser
surgery that only a few people
in the world can even do,
and there's hundreds of
thousands of cows out there.
Somebody would be real
busy doing all this stuff.
[LAUGHTER]
But on top of that,
they're finding these cows
without one single red blood
cell in them-- not even one.
We have no technology that
can do this that we know of.
Talk to any doctor.
There's no technology that can
remove every single red blood
cell out of every single
tissue in the entire body.
We don't know how they did it.
And yet there they are.
They're doing it.
And they're primarily taking
out the breathing apparatus
and the sexual
organs, because that's
the areas that they
wanted to study,
was the sexual energy
and the breathing
patterns of these animals.
And then they started
doing it with people.
They look at us like bugs.
They see us on such a low level.
We don't even count from
their point of view.
It would be like us taking
a little-- like when
we're working with rats.
We don't think, well, who cares?
They don't matter.
It does matter if they
hurt, anything like that.
They don't see us as being much
more than just a very, very
low level of life.
And so from a logical point
of view, that may be true.
From a compassionate,
loving point of view,
that's not really true at all.
But they don't have that
aspect of themselves in there.
And so they wanted to create
another race of beings that
would be primarily their
genes, but connecting
in our sexual energy
and our emotional body.
That's what they really
wanted to do, and blend that
in with them and create this
race between the two of us,
hoping that that race would
be able to create the living
Merkaba and would be able to
go over the great wall, which
evidently it did.
It was able to do it,
though this is not
going to happen until 2012
from where we sit here now,
that that race does
make it through.
And an example of
that is Bashar.
Who's familiar with Bashar here?
Bashar is the end
result of that race
coming from 300 years in
the future back to here.
But their ultimate plan, what
the Greys have in mind for us,
is not very nice.
They do not really care
what happens to us.
Their plan, then, they
have underground bases
all over the whole world.
Their primary base was in
Dulce, which was between the New
Mexico and Colorado border.
There was more cattle mutilation
there than anyone anywhere else
in the world.
However, cows were
found everywhere, even
on isolated islands out in
the middle of the Pacific.
And so they-- I
don't know how far I
want to get into all of
this stuff with these guys,
but what they planned
to do originally
was to get this
other race going,
create it primarily on the
fourth dimensional level
so it was really
used to function
from those levels of
existence, and then open up
very rapidly the
fourth dimensional
level on the Earth, which will
kill everybody on the planet.
We would all go into
total separation and chaos
and wipe us all out, exterminate
all life on the planet
and replace us with this super
race, which was more them
than us.
And that was their plan.
And I don't really think
that that plan has totally
been stopped, though a
great deal of pressure
has been applied for
them to not do this.
And the person who
raised the ship up,
the very first
thing that she did
after she got the crystal that
controlled the programming
and changed the geomancy
of the whole planet
put it into down her
spine, the very first thing
she did after she did
that was, she thought,
as long as the
Greys are here, they
are going to find
themselves getting
sick from an incurable
disease that's
associated only with Earth.
They leave here.
There will be no problem.
Immediately, Greys all over
the world started dying.
Within 30 to 60 days, the
UFO people were all going,
what's going on?
What's going on?
All the Greys are dying.
The secret governments, which
by now had originally made pacts
with them and
contracts with them
and thought that they
were the good guys,
eventually got down the line
and realized they weren't really
the good guys, and actually
went to war with them
and were winning.
They went into certain bases
and just like mowed them down.
The guys couldn't
even resist them.
And they finally,
by the end of 1992,
and that's what she
said, that they had
to leave by the end of 1992.
There were hardly any
Greys here left at all.
And at this point,
they're probably
existing, if there are any
at all, outside the fields
and coming in very quickly
and getting back out.
Because they can't stay
here for very long.
But where did they go?
They just shifted it
back to another planet
called Mars and set up all
their bases all over there.
And now they've got
all their operations
still going there,
just as strong as ever.
But they can't come
near the Earth.
And she didn't try
to totally stop them.
She just said, you
can't be here anymore.
That's all she said.
And so it's not over.
There's still a lot
going on in those levels.
But it's OK.
We've already won this game.